JOSSpaper.md, before:

---
title: 'MacroDensity: Understanding The Electrostatic Potential and Density Landscapes within Systems from Quantum Mechanical Sumulations'
tags:
  - Python
  - Density Functional Theory
  - DFT
  - electrostatic potentials
  - galactic dynamics
  - milky way
authors:
  - name: Adrian M. Price-Whelan
    orcid: 0000-0000-0000-0000
    equal-contrib: true
    affiliation: "1, 2" # (Multiple affiliations must be quoted)
  - name: Author Without ORCID
    equal-contrib: true # (This is how you can denote equal contributions between multiple authors)
    affiliation: 2
  - name: Author with no affiliation
    corresponding: true # (This is how to denote the corresponding author)
    affiliation: 3
  - given-names: Ludwig
    dropping-particle: van
    surname: Beethoven
    affiliation: 3
affiliations:
 - name: Lyman Spitzer, Jr. Fellow, Princeton University, USA
   index: 1
 - name: Institution Name, Country
   index: 2
 - name: Independent Researcher, Country
   index: 3
date: 13 August 2017
bibliography: paper.bib

# Optional fields if submitting to a AAS journal too, see this blog post:
# https://blog.joss.theoj.org/2018/12/a-new-collaboration-with-aas-publishing
aas-doi: 10.3847/xxxxx <- update this with the DOI from AAS once you know it.
aas-journal: Astrophysical Journal <- The name of the AAS journal.
---

# Summary

The forces on stars, galaxies, and dark matter under external gravitational
fields lead to the dynamical evolution of structures in the universe. The orbits
of these bodies are therefore key to understanding the formation, history, and
future state of galaxies. The field of "galactic dynamics," which aims to model
the gravitating components of galaxies to study their structure and evolution,
is now well-established, commonly taught, and frequently used in astronomy.
Aside from toy problems and demonstrations, the majority of problems require
efficient numerical tools, many of which require the same base code (e.g., for
performing numerical orbit integration).

# Statement of need

`Gala` is an Astropy-affiliated Python package for galactic dynamics. Python
enables wrapping low-level languages (e.g., C) for speed without losing
flexibility or ease-of-use in the user-interface. The API for `Gala` was
designed to provide a class-based and user-friendly interface to fast (C or
Cython-optimized) implementations of common operations such as gravitational
potential and force evaluation, orbit integration, dynamical transformations,
and chaos indicators for nonlinear dynamics. `Gala` also relies heavily on and
interfaces well with the implementations of physical units and astronomical
coordinate systems in the `Astropy` package [@astropy] (`astropy.units` and
`astropy.coordinates`).

`Gala` was designed to be used by both astronomical researchers and by
students in courses on gravitational dynamics or astronomy. It has already been
used in a number of scientific publications [@Pearson:2017] and has also been
used in graduate courses on Galactic dynamics to, e.g., provide interactive
visualizations of textbook material [@Binney:2008]. The combination of speed,
design, and support for Astropy functionality in `Gala` will enable exciting
scientific explorations of forthcoming data releases from the *Gaia* mission
[@gaia] by students and experts alike.

# Mathematics

Single dollars ($) are required for inline mathematics e.g. $f(x) = e^{\pi/x}$

Double dollars make self-standing equations:

$$\Theta(x) = \left\{\begin{array}{l}
0\textrm{ if } x < 0\cr
1\textrm{ else}
\end{array}\right.$$

You can also use plain \LaTeX for equations
\begin{equation}\label{eq:fourier}
\hat f(\omega) = \int_{-\infty}^{\infty} f(x) e^{i\omega x} dx
\end{equation}
and refer to \autoref{eq:fourier} from text.

# Citations

Citations to entries in paper.bib should be in
[rMarkdown](http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/authoring_bibliographies_and_citations.html)
format.

If you want to cite a software repository URL (e.g. something on GitHub without a preferred
citation) then you can do it with the example BibTeX entry below for @fidgit.

For a quick reference, the following citation commands can be used:
- `@author:2001`  ->  "Author et al. (2001)"
- `[@author:2001]` -> "(Author et al., 2001)"
- `[@author1:2001; @author2:2001]` -> "(Author1 et al., 2001; Author2 et al., 2002)"

# Figures

Figures can be included like this:
![Caption for example figure.\label{fig:example}](figure.png)
and referenced from text using \autoref{fig:example}.

Figure sizes can be customized by adding an optional second parameter:
![Caption for example figure.](figure.png){ width=20% }

# Acknowledgements

We acknowledge contributions from Brigitta Sipocz, Syrtis Major, and Semyeong
Oh, and support from Kathryn Johnston during the genesis of this project.

Commit message:

updated tutorials + renamed rst files

JOSSpaper.md, after:

---
title: 'MacroDensity: Understanding The Electrostatic Potential and Density Landscapes within Systems from Quantum Mechanical Sumulations'
tags:
  - Python
  - Density Functional Theory
  - DFT
  - electrostatic potentials
  - electron density 
authors:
  - name: Calysta A. Tesiman
    orcid: 0009-0008-7784-4320
    equal-contrib: true
    affiliation: "1, 2" # (Multiple affiliations must be quoted)
  - name: Author Without ORCID
    equal-contrib: true # (This is how you can denote equal contributions between multiple authors)
    affiliation: 2
  - name: Author with no affiliation
    corresponding: true # (This is how to denote the corresponding author)
    affiliation: 3
  - given-names: Ludwig
    dropping-particle: van
    surname: Beethoven
    affiliation: 3
affiliations:
 - name: Lyman Spitzer, Jr. Fellow, Princeton University, USA
   index: 1
 - name: Institution Name, Country
   index: 2
 - name: Independent Researcher, Country
   index: 3
date: 13 August 2017
bibliography: paper.bib

# Optional fields if submitting to a AAS journal too, see this blog post:
# https://blog.joss.theoj.org/2018/12/a-new-collaboration-with-aas-publishing
aas-doi: 10.3847/xxxxx <- update this with the DOI from AAS once you know it.
aas-journal: Astrophysical Journal <- The name of the AAS journal.
---

# Summary

The forces on stars, galaxies, and dark matter under external gravitational
fields lead to the dynamical evolution of structures in the universe. The orbits
of these bodies are therefore key to understanding the formation, history, and
future state of galaxies. The field of "galactic dynamics," which aims to model
the gravitating components of galaxies to study their structure and evolution,
is now well-established, commonly taught, and frequently used in astronomy.
Aside from toy problems and demonstrations, the majority of problems require
efficient numerical tools, many of which require the same base code (e.g., for
performing numerical orbit integration).

# Statement of need

When assessing the potential utility of novel semiconducting devices (p-n juntions, 
heterostructures, surface terminations) through simulation, an understanding of the 
variation in the electrostatic potential and electron density across the system is key. 
However, extraction and useful presentation of this data from the raw output of the 
simulation can prove cumbersome and often requires the use of visualisation software followed 
by manual data extraction. This can result in bottlenecks in high throughput screening projects, 
where the same data extraction procedure is repeatedly applied to large databases of candidate structures.

To address this, the ``Macrodensity`` package has been developed as a VASP, FHI-AIMS and 
GULP post-processing tool. The package contains functions that enable the user to format 
the data from the VASP LOCPOT and CHGCAR files, the FHI-AIMS *.cube file, and GULP *.out 
file into physically meaningful quantities, which can then be plotted for user interpretation.
The code has been used to rapidly generate data for these publications: 1,2, amongst others.

# Mathematics

Single dollars ($) are required for inline mathematics e.g. $f(x) = e^{\pi/x}$

Double dollars make self-standing equations:

$$\Theta(x) = \left\{\begin{array}{l}
0\textrm{ if } x < 0\cr
1\textrm{ else}
\end{array}\right.$$

You can also use plain \LaTeX for equations
\begin{equation}\label{eq:fourier}
\hat f(\omega) = \int_{-\infty}^{\infty} f(x) e^{i\omega x} dx
\end{equation}
and refer to \autoref{eq:fourier} from text.

# Citations

Citations to entries in paper.bib should be in
[rMarkdown](http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/authoring_bibliographies_and_citations.html)
format.

If you want to cite a software repository URL (e.g. something on GitHub without a preferred
citation) then you can do it with the example BibTeX entry below for @fidgit.

For a quick reference, the following citation commands can be used:
- `@author:2001`  ->  "Author et al. (2001)"
- `[@author:2001]` -> "(Author et al., 2001)"
- `[@author1:2001; @author2:2001]` -> "(Author1 et al., 2001; Author2 et al., 2002)"

# Figures

Figures can be included like this:
![Caption for example figure.\label{fig:example}](figure.png)
and referenced from text using \autoref{fig:example}.

Figure sizes can be customized by adding an optional second parameter:
![Caption for example figure.](figure.png){ width=20% }

# Acknowledgements

We acknowledge contributions from Brigitta Sipocz, Syrtis Major, and Semyeong
Oh, and support from Kathryn Johnston during the genesis of this project.
